keep silence before me o coastlands and
keep silence before me o coastlands and let the people renew their strength
let the people renew their strength
let the people renew their strength let them come near then let them speak
let them come near then let them speak
let them come near then let them speak let us come near together for judgment
let us come near together for judgment
let us come near together for judgment who raised up one from the east who in
who raised up one from the east who in
who raised up one from the east who in righteousness called him to his feet
righteousness called him to his feet
righteousness called him to his feet who gave the nation's before him and
who gave the nation's before him and
who gave the nation's before him and made him rule over kings who gave them
made him rule over kings who gave them
made him rule over kings who gave them as the dust to his sword as driven
as the dust to his sword as driven
as the dust to his sword as driven stubble to his bow who pursued them and
stubble to his bow who pursued them and
stubble to his bow who pursued them and passed safely by the way that he had not
passed safely by the way that he had not
passed safely by the way that he had not gone with his feet who has performed and
gone with his feet who has performed and
gone with his feet who has performed and done it calling the generations from the
done it calling the generations from the
done it calling the generations from the beginning I the LORD am the first and
beginning I the LORD am the first and
beginning I the LORD am the first and with the last I am he the coastlands saw
with the last I am he the coastlands saw
with the last I am he the coastlands saw it and filled the ends of the earth were
it and filled the ends of the earth were
it and filled the ends of the earth were afraid they drew near and came everyone
afraid they drew near and came everyone
afraid they drew near and came everyone helped his neighbor and said to his
helped his neighbor and said to his
helped his neighbor and said to his brother be of good courage so the
brother be of good courage so the
brother be of good courage so the craftsmen encouraged the goldsmith he
craftsmen encouraged the goldsmith he
craftsmen encouraged the goldsmith he who smooths with the hammer inspired him
who smooths with the hammer inspired him
who smooths with the hammer inspired him who strikes the anvil saying it is ready
who strikes the anvil saying it is ready
who strikes the anvil saying it is ready for the soldering then he fastened it
for the soldering then he fastened it
for the soldering then he fastened it with pegs that it might not taught her
with pegs that it might not taught her
with pegs that it might not taught her but you Israel are my servant Jacob whom
but you Israel are my servant Jacob whom
but you Israel are my servant Jacob whom I have chosen the descendants of Abraham
I have chosen the descendants of Abraham
I have chosen the descendants of Abraham my friend
my friend
my friend you whom I have taken from the ends of
you whom I have taken from the ends of
you whom I have taken from the ends of the earth and called from its farthest
the earth and called from its farthest
the earth and called from its farthest regions and said to you you are my
regions and said to you you are my
regions and said to you you are my servant I have chosen you and have not
servant I have chosen you and have not
servant I have chosen you and have not cast you away fear not for I am with you
cast you away fear not for I am with you
cast you away fear not for I am with you be not dismayed for I am your God I will
be not dismayed for I am your God I will
be not dismayed for I am your God I will strengthen you yes I will help you I
strengthen you yes I will help you I
strengthen you yes I will help you I will uphold you with my righteous right
will uphold you with my righteous right
will uphold you with my righteous right hand behold
hand behold
hand behold all those who are incensed against you
all those who are incensed against you
all those who are incensed against you shall be ashamed and disgraced they
shall be ashamed and disgraced they
shall be ashamed and disgraced they shall be as nothing and those who strive
shall be as nothing and those who strive
shall be as nothing and those who strive with you shall perish you shall seek
with you shall perish you shall seek
with you shall perish you shall seek them and not find them those who
them and not find them those who
them and not find them those who contended with you those who wore
contended with you those who wore
contended with you those who wore against you shall be as nothing as a
against you shall be as nothing as a
against you shall be as nothing as a non-existent thing for I the Lord your
non-existent thing for I the Lord your
non-existent thing for I the Lord your God will hold your right hand saying to
God will hold your right hand saying to
God will hold your right hand saying to you fear not I will help you fear not
you fear not I will help you fear not
you fear not I will help you fear not you worm
you worm
you worm Jacob you men of Israel I will help you
Jacob you men of Israel I will help you
Jacob you men of Israel I will help you says the Lord and your Redeemer the Holy
says the Lord and your Redeemer the Holy
says the Lord and your Redeemer the Holy One of Israel behold I will make you
One of Israel behold I will make you
One of Israel behold I will make you into a new threshing sledge with sharp
into a new threshing sledge with sharp
into a new threshing sledge with sharp teeth you shall Thresh the mountains and
teeth you shall Thresh the mountains and
teeth you shall Thresh the mountains and them small and make the hills like chaff
them small and make the hills like chaff
them small and make the hills like chaff you shall winner them the wind shall
you shall winner them the wind shall
you shall winner them the wind shall carry them away and the whirlwind shall
carry them away and the whirlwind shall
carry them away and the whirlwind shall scatter them you shall rejoice in the
scatter them you shall rejoice in the
scatter them you shall rejoice in the Lord and glory in the Holy One of Israel
Lord and glory in the Holy One of Israel
Lord and glory in the Holy One of Israel the poor and needy seethe water but
the poor and needy seethe water but
the poor and needy seethe water but there is none their tongues fail for
there is none their tongues fail for
there is none their tongues fail for thirst I the Lord will hear them I the
thirst I the Lord will hear them I the
thirst I the Lord will hear them I the God of Israel will not forsake them I
God of Israel will not forsake them I
God of Israel will not forsake them I will open rivers in desolate heights and
will open rivers in desolate heights and
will open rivers in desolate heights and fountains in the midst of the valleys I
fountains in the midst of the valleys I
fountains in the midst of the valleys I will make the wilderness of pool of
will make the wilderness of pool of
will make the wilderness of pool of water and the dry land Springs of water
water and the dry land Springs of water
water and the dry land Springs of water I will plant in the wilderness the cedar
I will plant in the wilderness the cedar
I will plant in the wilderness the cedar and the acacia tree the myrtle and the
and the acacia tree the myrtle and the
and the acacia tree the myrtle and the oil tree I will set in the desert the
oil tree I will set in the desert the
oil tree I will set in the desert the cypress tree and the pine and the box
cypress tree and the pine and the box
cypress tree and the pine and the box tree together
tree together
tree together that they may see and know and consider
that they may see and know and consider
that they may see and know and consider and understand together that the hand of
and understand together that the hand of
and understand together that the hand of the Lord has done this and the Holy One
the Lord has done this and the Holy One
the Lord has done this and the Holy One of Israel has created it present your
of Israel has created it present your
of Israel has created it present your case says the Lord bring forth your
case says the Lord bring forth your
case says the Lord bring forth your strong reasons says the king of Jacob
strong reasons says the king of Jacob
strong reasons says the king of Jacob let them bring forth and show us what
let them bring forth and show us what
let them bring forth and show us what will happen let them show the former
will happen let them show the former
will happen let them show the former things what they were that we may
things what they were that we may
things what they were that we may consider them and know the latter end of
consider them and know the latter end of
consider them and know the latter end of them or declared to us things to come
them or declared to us things to come
them or declared to us things to come show the things that are to come here
show the things that are to come here
show the things that are to come here after that we may know that you are gods
after that we may know that you are gods
after that we may know that you are gods yes do good or do evil that we may be
yes do good or do evil that we may be
yes do good or do evil that we may be dismayed and see it together
dismayed and see it together
dismayed and see it together indeed you are nothing and your work is
indeed you are nothing and your work is
indeed you are nothing and your work is nothing he who chooses you is an
nothing he who chooses you is an
nothing he who chooses you is an abomination I have raised up one from
abomination I have raised up one from
abomination I have raised up one from the north and he shall come from the
the north and he shall come from the
the north and he shall come from the rising of the Sun he shall call on my
rising of the Sun he shall call on my
rising of the Sun he shall call on my name and he shall come against Prince's
name and he shall come against Prince's
name and he shall come against Prince's as though mortar as the potter treads
as though mortar as the potter treads
as though mortar as the potter treads clay who has declared from the beginning
clay who has declared from the beginning
clay who has declared from the beginning that we may know and former times that
that we may know and former times that
that we may know and former times that we may say he is righteous surely there
we may say he is righteous surely there
we may say he is righteous surely there is no one who shows surely there is no
is no one who shows surely there is no
is no one who shows surely there is no one who declares surely there is no one
one who declares surely there is no one
one who declares surely there is no one who hears your words the first time I
who hears your words the first time I
who hears your words the first time I said to Zion look there they are and I
said to Zion look there they are and I
said to Zion look there they are and I will give to Jerusalem one who brings
will give to Jerusalem one who brings
will give to Jerusalem one who brings good tidings for I looked and there was
good tidings for I looked and there was
good tidings for I looked and there was no man I looked among them but there was
no man I looked among them but there was
no man I looked among them but there was no counselor who when I asked of them
no counselor who when I asked of them
no counselor who when I asked of them could answer a word
could answer a word
could answer a word indeed they are all worthless their
indeed they are all worthless their
indeed they are all worthless their works are nothing they're molded images
works are nothing they're molded images
works are nothing they're molded images are wind and confusion
are wind and confusion
are wind and confusion [Music]